## Fedimints as a local business-to-business medium of exchange

#### 1. Introduction
Fedimints are a relativley new technology that use Federated Chaumian eCash as a medium of exchange within the federated mint (fedimint). Each fedimint is its own ecosystem, however the Fedimint implementation does allow for sending funds between fedimints using the Lightning network.

Let's take a step back to a higher level to see how fedimints align with the needs of a local community's business-to-business relationships. 

1. We need to understand how fedimints are structrually governed. Fedimints operate with Bitcoin as their reserve asset. A 'member' of the fedimint deposits bitcoin and in return received the equivilant amount of eCash. With this eCash the member can transact with other members on the fedimint. It is a circular economy. Members can withdrawl their bitcoin by turning in their eCash. In this way it functions similar to a traditional bank and this is where the structure of the 'guardians' is critical to the success and longevity of every fedimint. 'Guardians' control the bitcoin held in reserve. Each one holds a key to a multisig wallet containing the bitcoin reserves of the fedimint. The specifics of the multisig can be configured when the fedimint is established. The Fedimint implementation has standards for the minimum number of signatures on the multisig to encourage responsible governance, but this is just a first step. This is where local community business-to-business is a great fit. We will dive deeper shortly after we cover privacy next.
2. Chaumian eCash behaves just like paper cash in your physical wallet, but over a digital medium. It is private. Your bank cannot see how you spend paper cash once you withdrawl it from an ATM. Simiarily, guardians in the fedimint do not know who is sending or receiving eCash, only the amounts being sent. This differs from Bitcoin. Transactions on the Bitcoin network are public and if your address is known to belong to you, everyone can see how you are transacting with bitcoin. For some, such as the Bitwise Bitcoin ETF this makes it easy for them to attest their holdings. For indivdiuals this is a risk, potentially to physical security in case of a $5 wrench attack. This also makes it impossible for hostile governments to monitor your eCash transactions.

In summary, fedimint give us better privacy than native bitcoin in exchange for loss of control over our bitcoin. Essentially the fedimint is the custodian of our bitcoin and this requires our trust that the guardians will act responsibly and not issue more eCash than the amount of bitcoin they hold in reserve. In traditional banking, a small portion of our deposited money is held at the bank. This is known as fractional reserve banking. This is why bank runs are so detrimental to the banking system. The governance structure of the fedimint must align guardian incentives with the members to minimize the risk of fractional reserves.
